task: module CLI patching methods (#319)
IntelPython/mkl_fft: README.md

# True
```

---
# Patching Mechanisms

> `mkl_fft` provides convenient ways to enable MKL-accelerated FFT operations in NumPy with or without modifying your code. It supports both persistent patching (applies to all Python sessions) and one-shot execution (applies only to a single command). It also supports Python functions and context managers that do the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mkl_fft` provides patches to enable MKL-accelerated FFT operations in NumPy with or without modifying your code. It supports both persistent patching (applies to all Python sessions) and one-shot execution (applies only to a single command). It also supports Python functions and context managers that do the same.
```
